docs(backuptarget): document enforced soft-mount options in nfsOptions (#1346)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.12.0/snapshots-and-backups/backup-and-restore/set-backup-target.md

nfs://longhorn-test-nfs-svc.default:/opt/backupstore
```

**Result:** Longhorn can store backups in NFS. To create a backup, see [this section.](../create-a-backup)

If `nfsOptions` is not set, Longhorn uses the default mount options `actimeo=1,soft,timeo=300,retry=2`.

To use custom mount options, append the `nfsOptions` query parameter to the target URL.

Example:

```text
nfs://longhorn-test-nfs-svc.default:/opt/backupstore?nfsOptions=rw,nolock
```

> When `nfsOptions` is set, Longhorn merges the following options to ensure NFS operations time out instead of blocking indefinitely:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `nfsOptions` is specified, Longhorn adjusts the options to ensure NFS operations fail instead of hanging indefinitely when the NFS service is unstable:

- `hard` is removed if present.
- `soft` is added if absent.
- `timeo` and `retry` are added with their default values (`timeo=300`, `retry=2`) only if you have not specified them. Custom values are preserved.
```
